Dennis Reynolds is co-owner of Paddy’s Pub.
Dee Reynolds is Dennis’s twin sister.
Mac (Ronald “Mac” McDonald) acts as the bouncer of Paddy’s Pub.
Charlie Kelly is the janitor and former co-owner of Paddy’s Pub.
Frank Reynolds is the legal father of Dennis and Dee and majority owner of the bar.
Charlie and Mac have been best friends since childhood.
The entire gang grew up in or near Philadelphia.
Dennis uses a method called the D.E.N.N.I.S. System to seduce women.
Charlie practices “bird law” despite being illiterate.
Mac is insecure about his masculinity and sexuality.
Dee dreams of being an actress and comedian but constantly fails.
Frank lives with Charlie in a filthy apartment.
Dennis refers to himself as a “Golden God.”
Charlie shares a pull-out couch bed with Frank.
Mac’s father was a career criminal who spent years in prison.
Dee wore a back brace in high school and was mocked for it.
Frank once ran sweatshops and shady businesses.
Dennis is narcissistic and manipulative.
Charlie eats cat food, paint, and other non-food items.
Mac claims to be devoutly Catholic but rarely acts like it.
Dee holds no ownership in Paddy’s Pub.
Dennis briefly moved to North Dakota to raise a child.
The gang never learns from mistakes and always resets.
Charlie claims to speak Gaelic.
Mac brags about combat skills but avoids real fights.
Frank always carries a loaded handgun.
Dennis and Dee grew up believing they were upper class.
Charlie is the most capable at bar maintenance despite chaos.
Mac once deliberately gained massive weight.
Dee is constantly called “bird” by her friends.
Dennis manipulates everyone around him.
Frank and Charlie live together by choice.
Mac’s full name is Ronald McDonald.
Charlie’s full name is Charles Kelly.
Paddy’s Pub is considered the worst bar in Philadelphia.
Dennis hints that he might be a serial killer.
Dee occasionally preys on younger men.
Mac’s body fluctuates between skinny and overweight.
Charlie argues absurd legal cases about birds.
Frank uses his wealth to fund the gang’s disasters.
Dee used to act as the voice of reason but gave up.
Dennis obsesses over his looks.
Charlie can barely read or write.
Mac spent years denying being gay.
The D.E.N.N.I.S. System stands for six manipulative steps.
Charlie stalks and obsesses over the Waitress.
Frank once staged his own intervention.
Mac idolizes Phillies player Chase Utley.
Dennis believes he is the smartest member of the gang.
Dee is routinely ignored and belittled by the others.
Charlie helped invent the drinking game “Chardee MacDennis.”
The game has levels of mind, body, and spirit.
Mac’s father once wrote to tell him he is a bad person.
Dennis tattooed a map on Charlie’s backside.
Dee once had a disastrous night at the Jersey Shore.
Charlie invented “Kitten Mittons” for noisy cats.
Frank and Charlie have scavenged in the sewers.
Mac came out during a workplace dispute over an exercise bike.
Dennis and Dee’s mother, Barbara, is deceased.
Charlie once declared himself King of the Rats.
Mac pretends to be trained in karate.
Dee failed as a stand-up comedian.
Dennis owns a Range Rover and treats it like a status symbol.
Charlie’s in-universe birthday is April 11.
Frank hired welfare recipients to work at the bar.
Mac once burned his foot on a grill.
Dee once starred in a low-quality adult film.
Dennis dated his psychology professor.
Charlie’s apartment is overrun with vermin.
Mac often wears a denim vest to appear tough.
Frank was married to a woman named Barbara before divorcing.
Dee’s nickname “Sweet Dee” is entirely ironic.
Dennis manipulates friends for money and validation.
Charlie believes he learned skills from television.
Mac once trained to be an EMT.
Frank has cooked glue in the bar.
Dee and Dennis ran for political office.
Charlie acts as a trash collector and scavenger.
Dennis and Dee’s twin rivalry is ongoing.
Mac’s muscle obsession defines several seasons.
Charlie’s handwriting is indecipherable.
Dee once faked a pregnancy.
Dennis suffered a nervous breakdown and took a sabbatical.
Frank discovered hidden savings under Charlie’s name.
Mac exploits religion to justify his behavior.
Dee was audited after a failed scam.
Charlie once claimed to have caught a leprechaun.
Dennis dated a woman solely to access her father’s wealth.
Mac believed gaining mass made him powerful.
Dee entered a modeling contest and failed miserably.
Frank fired Mac from being bouncer.
Charlie proposed to the Waitress during his rock opera.
Dennis’s therapist diagnosed him with borderline personality disorder.
Mac wears full body armor during certain games.
Dee once tried bird watching to compete with Charlie.
Charlie developed a rat-catching system inside Paddy’s.
Dennis held a fake funeral for his ego.
Frank threw his boat keys into the ocean.
The gang attended their high school reunion to prove popularity.
Charlie performed an interpretive dance in the rain.
Charlie believes in “the Nightman” and “the Dayman.”
Frank once got trapped in a playground coil for hours.
Mac calls himself “the Sheriff of Paddy’s.”
Dee once got addicted to sniffing glue.
Dennis claims his car’s trunk is “perfect for seduction.”
Charlie keeps a rat stick for extermination.
Frank was once institutionalized by his friends.
Mac once tried to train a dog to attack Dennis.
Dee’s stage name is “Martina Martinez.”
Charlie and Dee were mistaken for crack addicts.
Frank faked his death to avoid paying taxes.
Mac refers to his muscles as “mass.”
Dennis keeps detailed audio recordings of his encounters.
Dee was briefly a surrogate mother for a rich couple.
Charlie wrote a musical about the Nightman.
Frank financed “The Nightman Cometh.”
Mac believes he is an expert in self-defense.
Dee once dated a priest.
Dennis once bought a boat to seduce women.
Charlie thinks green paint helps him sleep.
Mac and Dennis lived together in “the apartment.”
Frank once shared a hot tub with his estranged wife’s lover.
Dee once impersonated a stripper named Jasmine.
Dennis taught an online course on seduction.
Charlie thinks he’s immune to poison because of his diet.
Mac spent a season trying to prove God exists.
Frank sometimes carries grenades in his pockets.
Dee pretended to be handicapped for sympathy.
Dennis ran for office as a public official.
Charlie tried to sell “milk steak” as a dish.
Mac has a tattoo of tribal design on his arm.
Frank once lived in a Vietnam-style bunker under Paddy’s.
Dee once pretended to be a fashion model.
Dennis once claimed to own a golden skin tone.
Charlie’s mother is an agoraphobe.
Frank’s ex-wife Barbara once shot him.
Dee appeared on a reality dating show.
Mac made a homemade action movie called “Thunder Gun.”
Dennis has an emergency sex doll named “Donna.”
Charlie once joined a children’s beauty pageant as a judge.
Mac was briefly a bodyguard for a mobster.
Dee once dated a rapper named Lil Kev.
Dennis often threatens to “skin” people who annoy him.
Charlie makes “rum ham” with Frank.
Frank and Charlie once went on a cruise together.
Mac’s favorite movie is Lethal Weapon 5 — the one he made.
Dee starred in the gang’s version of Lethal Weapon 5.
Dennis directed Lethal Weapon 6 after backlash.
Charlie can play piano fluently despite illiteracy.
Mac believes his shadowboxing skills are elite.
Frank once injected himself with rhinoceros tranquilizer.
Dee joined an online dating service pretending to be rich.
Charlie once mailed himself to Santa.
Dennis claims to be fluent in “body language.”
Mac is obsessed with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Dee accidentally set herself on fire.
Frank often bathes in hand sanitizer.
Charlie believes magnets hold mysterious power.
Dennis believes emotion is weakness.
Mac has attempted to form his own religious cult.
Frank once bought a ferret thinking it was a cat.
Dee performs a stand-up bit about abortion to shock audiences.
Charlie and Frank hoard trash in their apartment.
Dennis used to work at a department store perfume counter.
Mac once faked his own death for attention.
Dee often injures herself during schemes.
Charlie wrote a song called “Go Fuck Yourself.”
Dennis keeps medical tools in his car trunk.
Mac once gave up alcohol for a month to prove discipline.
Frank pretended to be a Vietnam veteran despite never serving.
Dee once got addicted to painkillers.
Charlie keeps a box labeled “Kitten Mittons II” with unknown contents.
Dennis insists he is incapable of failure.
Mac sees himself as a “warrior of the streets.”
Dee once auditioned for a TV anchor job.
Charlie tried to train rats to perform circus tricks.
Frank once purchased a timeshare in a swamp.
Dennis pretended to be a doctor to impress women.
Mac once lived in the bar’s office.
Dee has been hit by cars more than once.
Charlie eats raw spaghetti as a snack.
Frank once built a “manchette” to slice bread faster.
Dennis’s favorite color is gold.
Mac’s favorite food is chimichangas.
Charlie’s favorite drink is beer mixed with paint thinner.
Dee once joined a feminist book club to meet men.
Frank carries fake IDs for everyone in the gang.
Dennis wears turtlenecks when “feeling predatory.”
Mac once trained Dennis to become “alpha.”
Charlie keeps a collection of bird feathers in jars.
Dee crashed her car into a church while texting.
Frank shot himself in the leg during a scam.
Dennis once called himself “Doctor Feelgood.”
Charlie built a puppet show called “Charlie’s Dream Journal.”
Mac carries nunchucks but doesn’t know how to use them.
Dee once tried to adopt a baby for fame.
Frank stole a painting from a funeral.
Dennis wrote a self-help book manuscript titled The Dennis Way.
Mac insists his biceps form the shape of the cross.
Charlie once glued his hands to a frying pan during breakfast.
